ceph: update snapshot APIs from v1beta1 to v1 (#7711)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-csi-snapshot.md

## Prerequisites

> #### Snapshot API version support matrix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Snapshot Support Matrix
```

| Snapshot API version | Kubernetes Version   | Snapshot-Controller + CRDs Version | Sidecar Version |
| -------------------- | -------------------- | ---------------------------------- | --------------- |
| v1                   | k8s >= v1.20         | snapshot-controller >= v4.x        | sidecar >= v2.x |

> | v1beta1              | v1.17 =< k8s < v1.20 | v2.x =< snapshot-controller < v4.x | sidecar >= v2.x |

Reviewer: For consistency: `<=` instead of `=<`, and I think it will be easier to understand if using `<=` the lesser version instead of `<`
```suggestion
| v1beta1              | v1.17 <= k8s <= v1.19 | v2.x <= snapshot-controller <= v3.x | sidecar >= v2.x |
```

Reviewer: have you pushed this change? it still looks the same

Author: not yet, I'll push it with all other changes.

| v1alpha1             | v1.12 =< k8s < v1.17 | snapshot-controller <= v1.x        | sidecar <= v1.x |

> Note: It is recommend to use {sidecar, controller, crds} of same version.

Reviewer: The rendering is adding this line to the table, you will need a blank line before and after this note.

- For Kubernetes v1.17+, install the snapshot controller and snapshot v1/v1beta1 CRD as required. More info can be found [here](https://github.com/kubernetes-csi/external-snapshotter/tree/master#usage).

> Note: If the Kubernetes distributor you are using does not supports the snapshot v1/v1beta1, still you can use the Alpha snapshots. refer to [snapshot](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/release-1.3/Documentation/ceph-csi-drivers.md#rbd-snapshots)

Reviewer: If they use alpha snapshots, they aren't compatible with v1beta1 or v1, right? We should have a warning that they will need to be discarded when they convert. I remember we had a warning about this in the past, perhaps in an upgrade guide.
```suggestion
Note: If only Alpha snapshots are available, refer to the [alpha snapshots documentation](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/release-1.3/Documentation/ceph-csi-drivers.md#rbd-snapshots)
```

Author: @travisn Yes, when upgrading from snapshot beta to alpha or from alpha to v1, they will need to be discarded. 
I'll add a warning in https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/Documentation/ceph-upgrade.md#csi-version about snapshots and here https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/Documentation/ceph-upgrade.md#csi-version about sidecar version pointing back to https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/Documentation/ceph-csi-snapshot.md for complete description?

## Prerequisites

### Snapshot Support Matrix

> | Snapshot API version | Kubernetes Version    | Snapshot-Controller Version         | Sidecar Version                          |

Reviewer: Does the user really need this full table? If the snapshot controller v4 works for both v1 or v1beta1 snapshots, seems like we could keep it simple and just recommend the v4 controller for 1.17 or newer.

Reviewer: And we can say we just officially support 1.17 or newer for snapshots. Maybe we don't even need to mention the alpha snapshotter.

> VolumeSnapshotClass provides a way to describe the “classes” of storage when
> provisioning a volume snapshot.

## Upgrade Snapshot API

> If your Kubernetes Version supports newer v1beta1/v1 snapshot API, follow the upgrade guide [here](https://github.com/kubernetes-csi/external-snapshotter/tree/v4.0.0#upgrade).

Reviewer: I don't understand, when do they need to follow this upgrade guide? When converting from v1beta1 to v1?

Author: Both when upgrading from alpha to beta and beta to v1.

Reviewer: Ok thanks for updating that statement to clarify

> If your Kubernetes Version supports newer v1beta1/v1 snapshot API, follow the upgrade guide [here](https://github.com/kubernetes-csi/external-snapshotter/tree/v4.0.0#upgrade).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Kubernetes version is updated to a newer version of the snapshot API, follow the upgrade guide [here](https://github.com/kubernetes-csi/external-snapshotter/tree/v4.0.0#upgrade) to upgrade from alpha to beta, or beta to v1.
```
